Document operation with the query scheduler. (#4100)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/scalability.md

process. Grafana Labs' [production setup](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/production/ksonnet/loki)
contains `.libsonnet` files that demonstrates configuring separate components
and scaling for resource usage.

> ## Separate Query Scheduler

Author: This is the doc.

The Query frontend has an in-memory queue that can be moved out into a separate process similar to the [Cortex Query Scheduler](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/operations/scaling-query-frontend/#query-scheduler). This allows running multiple query frontends.

> In order to run with the Query Scheduler, the frontend needs to be passed the scheduler's address via `-frontend.scheduler-address` and the querier processes needs to be started with `-querier.scheduler-address` set to the same address. It is not valid to set `-querier.frontend-address` and `-querier.frontend-address`. Both options can also be set via the [configuration file](../configuration).

Reviewer: Please revise the second sentence.  I don't know what it intends to say, but you have the same `-querier.frontend-address`  twice in the sentence.  If you're trying to specify that you cannot set both items in the configuration, then I'd prefer to see wording similar to:
Specify only one of `first-one` and `second-one` when invoking the <fill in here>; it is not valid to specify both.

Author: Thanks. This is a typo. IT's not valid to specify `querier.frontend-address` and `querier.scheduler-address`, I'll clean this up.

process. Grafana Labs' [production setup](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/production/ksonnet/loki)
contains `.libsonnet` files that demonstrates configuring separate components
and scaling for resource usage.

## Separate Query Scheduler

The Query frontend has an in-memory queue that can be moved out into a separate process similar to the [Cortex Query Scheduler](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/operations/scaling-query-frontend/#query-scheduler). This allows running multiple query frontends.

In order to run with the Query Scheduler, the frontend needs to be passed the scheduler's address via `-frontend.scheduler-address` and the querier processes needs to be started with `-querier.scheduler-address` set to the same address. Both options can also be defined via the [configuration file](../configuration).

> Please note, that it is not valid to start the querier with a configured frontend and scheduler address. 

Reviewer: This sentence still needs a little work.  How about:

```suggestion
It is not valid to start the querier with both a configured frontend and a scheduler address. 
```
